we all know Asus makes great monitors
but what if I told you that they sent us
the whole freaking kit and Kaboodle Asus
sponsored this video so we could take a
look at their Rog OLED Master kit which
comes
with a monitor arm a handy dandy light
bar for those of you cultured folk who
like to keep your desk nice and bright
but finally the piece the resistance
their PG 32 ucdm the 4K cutie OLED 32 in
240 HZ this thing is amazing and I want
to make sure I open it without breaking
it it's a thing of beauty what have we
got in the Box we've got the base of our
stand I actually kind of like asus's
stand this one is huge because it's a
32-in monitor but there you go that's
why we've got the monitor arm you know
what I'm not even I'm going to take this
stuff out of the box but I'm not even
going to use it today I might click
clack the monitor but that's about it
one thing I love about their stand is
how Wild and secure their base the
column base is like look how good this
is you just screw it in like the other
ones but it's got that ring of support
got our handy dandy power brick and then
after that something that they've been
doing for a while now uh that I really
appreciate is their little kind of
travel kit that has all of the cables
and accessories in it I love it when
companies do this fantex also does it
with their cases they'll keep like an
actual little box for all the screws and
whatnot as for what we get in here usbb
usba a cable the rest of our c113 power
cable three more cables this is too many
cables you guys guys uh that's an HDMI
2.1 cable USBC cable because it does 65
WS power delivery 90 WS if you enable it
in the menu OSD I don't know why they've
got it as a feature that you have to
turn on but it is what it is and then
our handy display port cable probably
just 1.4 that's okay what is this like a
Vasa adapter or something oh this is
probably for the base yeah this is for
the base of the stand you just kind of
like pop it down there boom just fits
real good I won't put it on for now then
we've got oh my welcome to the elite
republic of gaming and then stickers I
will maybe keep the stickers what's this
last thing though
ah this is probably our vesa adapter not
100% sure they're typically kind of
different for each monitor but that's my
best guess looks like it pretty much
lines up with this guy here and then
it's beautiful and all I can see is the
back but it's all clearly labeled we've
got all of dcn HDMI HDMI display port
USB like everything is just nicely
labeled very easy to read uh super thin
panel with like a giant graphine heat
sink and whatever else they've got in
the control box it's a beautiful monitor
I haven't turned it on yet but I kind of
have the same panel at home and I can
tell you right now it's really nice I
changed my mind we are going to give it
the old click clack there we
go this thread here is for whatever you
want to mount on top of this guy camera
perhaps or even just a ring light for
example my monitor at home doesn't have
that and so I've just got my webcam like
mounted precariously on the top it looks
ugly I can't just easily put a camera up
here it sucks I love this thing it's
pretty thin really nice we've got a
bunch of stand adjustment oh
height we can oh more and more people
are going to the column swivel and I'm
here for it feels more sturdy one other
really nice feature about this before I
talk about the I/O is it's flat for
those of you who care so that means when
I put it down on our handy dandy desk
pad I don't have to worry about putting
it back in the box with the curved foam
to make sure I don't put extra pressure
on the panel or anything it's just good
to go it's beautiful we've got DC power
in two HDMI ports probably 2.1 display
port 65 W power delivery it's labeled a
65 Watts here but you should be able to
change it in the OSD usbb then we've got
USB more USB
a third USB spit if out and a headphone
jack another nice feature that I haven't
noticed on other panels there's actually
kind of handles on the side here I don't
think they're meant to be used as
handles but for instance I wanted to
rotate this before I put it down and
then check out our monitor arm and it
was really easy to do that I'm always
scared about moving these things because
you know the panel's so flexible but not
this time now for the part I'm most
excited about I've been wanting to mount
my monitor on an arm recently I did it
to my other guy my ultra wide and the
other one's just kind of sitting on my
desk taking up space I don't want that I
want to put it on an arm make it look
real nice so we've got their Ergo
monitor arm the
a01 and uh I don't know anything about
it so let's open the box and see if it's
any good we got this adapter plate it
looks like everything is as branded Rog
Republic of Gamers oh oh wow that's
heavy oh my God they say it can hold up
to a 39 in Monitor and I believe it cuz
this thing is Hefty and if this is going
to be like the counterweight that's kind
of sitting on there and clamping to my
desk then uh yeah it's going to be able
to take a quite the load here's the main
arm it looks pretty sick actually I love
the like giant red spring you can see in
there I don't know what these uh 25 729
3 North I don't know any of that means
but it looks cool and I'm here for it
and I kind of want this monitor arm now
not going to lie all right let me get
this assembled and we'll be right back
all right it took a little bit of
finagling but it wasn't too bad you know
we've got our monitor arm on our desk
and look at all this range of motion we
got it's so good and look at this we can
go portrait if we want to we can go all
the way upside down if we want to we're
not going to do that at all but we could
now though what I really want to see is
this light bar because you know Andy
loves his light bar I've seen it
Tastefully used in a lot of other
people's setups but I personally don't
want a light bar at least not on top of
my monitor so I don't really get it but
maybe today's the day maybe today they
convert me Whoop I'm guessing think this
is the light I don't
know let's find out what this fancy
secret thing is it's probably the mount
it is that's not so secret oh I don't
know why this is so entertaining it's
got like the perfect amount of tension
on a spring with a weight that's got
some rubber on the end it's their
patented clamp and magnetic Buckle so
you spin the knob and then this clamp
opens
up the other way and it closes wow okay
it's pretty cool this is another thing
where I'm actually going to have to look
at the guide cuz uh never installed a
light bar before they've got this nice
little cut out there for your USBC cable
so that you can power it pretty nifty
will cable manage as to the best of our
abilities it may not be super easy but
we'll try now that we've got it plugged
in we're just going to try to put it on
here somewhere uh like this sure that
seems like it's counter weting enough
I'm not super sold on the counterweight
thing it's got a clamp system on it but
the clamp is going to cover a ton of the
screen and there's nothing back here
that it could clamp onto but you know
what as long as don't move your monitor
all that much even if you do like this
is
fine it's not really going anywhere this
looks okay but I can't really see the
light from the light bar too much
because of our studio lights Glenn can
you uh C out the lights just for just
for a moment okay we're in our Asus
display widget Center Software here to
adjust our light bar however what I just
found out is if you you know scrolling
through here it's just changing like
color temperature and then if I click it
it's brightness pretty nifty click it
again and it's color temp but we can
change a whole lot right here these are
the RGV settings it might be nice if you
could make the you know front of the
light blue or something like that but
people don't want that I guess I do I'm
not sure how sold I am on having a light
bar in general but being able to control
it here is pretty nice being able to
change like the color temperature and
brightness of your screen light as well
as the Aurora RGB on the back it's
pretty handy being able to do it in one
single place on my computer so I don't
have to touch anything else I just keep
my hand on the mouse and click click
click away there's even an advanced
setting that lets you customize it to
use different lighting for different
apps and browsers whether you're big on
light bars or not the anti-reflective
coating on the glossy screen is actually
doing a pretty good job you see it on
and this reflection is getting diffused
out quite nicely so it's a lot less
distracting but what I want to know is
how good are those 03 millisecond
response times on OLED pixels well
they're really good but we're going to
try it let's play some good old CS2 oh I
got to say it's there's a reason I
bought a monitor similar to this as soon
as they started launching like yeah once
you get up to like 360 Herz and higher
OLED pixel response times are basically
perfect especially with the new 480 HZ
that's out this year but 240 with the
instant pixel response time it's just so
good 4K as well on a 32in screen it's
like this is the monitor for me and then
the cool thing is I'm not finding any
terrorists but the cool thing is once
you've got this kind of you know on an
arm say you want to like kick back and
relax you know watch some content you're
good like this but then you want to get
into the Zone
boom now we're gaming this is yeah I
mean I lost but now I'm gaming no matter
which OLED monitor you get in 2024
they're all beautiful like absolutely
stunning however one little nice trick
that this does that's it's not doing
right now cuz this isn't Dolby Vision
footage but it does have Dolby Vision so
if you are going to watch some movies
mastered for that content you can watch
it on here and it's going to look great
we did whole LTT on DV vers hdr10 plus
and while the difference isn't amazing
it's not night and day people could tell
let's talk about how it tested though
when we tried it in user mode it was
actually very color accurate in SDR we
measured an average Delta e 2000 of just
1.06 with a Max of 2.13 super Super
Color accurate out of the box as for HD
color accuracy we measured a Delta ITP
average of about
17.5 and a Max of about 38 40 that might
seem a little high and it is but Delta
ITP is a lot stricter than Delta e2000
and for HDR measurements we've been
switching to that to try to give you a
better picture then yep smaller numbers
still getting a little smaller and
finally for brightness we reached our
advertised 1,000 nits I think it was
like 990 8 sorry two nits off but it's
just good I don't know how to explain it
guys if you want a flat monitor then the
PG 32 ucdm is probably for you it's just
a beautiful beautiful device and uh I
don't know maybe I'll feel some buyers
regret when I go home today I'm not sure
all I know is this looks incredible and
I can't wait to just go stare at it some
more so this has been the Rog OLED
Master kit you can get the monitor for
about 1,300 bucks the light bar is 170
and then the monitor arm is about $200
so overall if you want the whole package
it's going to cost you a pretty penny
but uh you know single piece meal maybe
you just want the monitor maybe you just
want the light bar maybe you just want
the monitor arm I don't know but
whatever you want we'll have it linked
in the description below thank you so
much for watching thank you so much Asus
for sponsoring this video and we'll see
you guys in the next one
bye now I just keep waving for a while